I work as a legal secretary.
I was quite happy with the work I was doing,
but I was just coasting along,
and I didn’t really have
that burning desire, at the time, to pioneer.
I specifically remember
a talk about young ones
—what they were doing with their lives—
and it really did make me think.
I work three days a week as a nanny.
It’s a good job for me.
It helps me to do something that I love
but also have the freedom
to do things for Jehovah.
I really love construction
and particularly wanted to get involved
with the project going on at Chelmsford.
But at the time,
I lived in the northeast of England,
which would have been
way too far to commute.
My work consists
of supporting people in the community
with mental health issues.
My husband was involved in construction
—that was his work—
but also he made himself available
to be involved in any Kingdom Hall build,
any construction.
So in the beginning I thought:
‘Yeah, that’s his thing, not my thing.
‘I’ll stay home and pioneer.
My construction skill is nonexistent.’
The talk just helped me to see
that if I didn’t have a desire to pioneer,
then I should pray.
I really felt motivated
to want to change my life,
so I started regular pioneering.
Seeing young sisters and brothers, as well,
that were getting involved
with doing different aspects of worship,
and seeing their joy
in what they were doing constructionwise
really spurred me on
to want to apply as well.
I prayed to Jehovah
that I really wanted to be involved somehow
in the project
and that he would work things out.
I started looking for accommodations
and started looking for work.
And within days,
I had a job and somewhere to live;
and two weeks later,
I moved to London.
I knew my husband loved it so much,
so I thought, ‘I’ll come with him.’
Losing my husband in death
is just something that happened
very suddenly and very quickly.
Initially, I had to go back home,
but the avenue
was opened for me
to come back again if I wished to.
After a period of time,
I decided I would come back.
The brothers were
very conscious of my circumstance.
This is my family.
This is Jehovah’s organization
without a doubt.
The brothers have given me
all the support I need.
It’s always best
to be busy in Jehovah’s work;
that’s part of healing.
When I came on-site and the brothers said,
“We’d like you to drive one our machines,”
I’d never driven
construction machinery before.
But I was able to be trained
and felt confident after that.
I was invited to work
on the Home Cleaning Team.
It was not what I thought
I would be doing in construction,
but it’s fun, and I really love knowing
that Jehovah is happy with the work we do.
Very quickly after I moved,
I was invited to commute
to the branch relocation project.
The first half of my week
is working with children
and playing with toy trucks,
and then the second half of my week,
I am driving this huge machine
on a building site.
There’s really good emphasis on training,
so you never feel
completely out of your depth.
I really enjoy training;
it’s a very rewarding assignment.
Sisters pay attention to detail;
they don’t get overconfident
because they have a healthy respect
for the machines that they’re driving.
We have many positive comments
from contractors and various authorities
about the proactive training
and use of women on our construction site.
They’re amazed at what they see
because it’s not normal in the industry.
It reminds me of what it says
in Romans chapter 16,
where the apostle Paul
mentions women by name
“working hard in the Lord,”
and here on this site,
we have lots of women doing just that.
Having no construction skills
hasn’t stopped me from being used at all.
You’re seeing sisters
being used for things
that they would never have pictured
themselves doing,
but they’re doing it,
and it’s because they’ve been trained,
and it’s because Jehovah is behind it.
Being here has drawn me closer to Jehovah
in a sense that you rely on him,
that I rely on him daily.
If you had told me three years ago
that I’d be commuting
to the project every week
and driving a massive truck around on-site,
I probably wouldn’t have believed you.
I absolutely love coming here;
it’s like a dream come true.
I just don’t want it to end.
Looking back to when I first heard
that talk at the convention,
I’m really pleased that I used my time
in these last days to serve Jehovah.
I would encourage anybody
to be in full-time service
because it’s such a joyful way of life.